---
layout:     printing-code
title:      Class Email
date:       2013-08-24 19:15:22
categories: printing-code
---

Dear Class,

I very much look forward to our first session this Thursday. “Printing Code” is a class where we will be working in the intersection between programming and graphic design. This means that you will need to bring both a desire to work hard on the programming assignments, and an interest in leading the in-class discussions around the weekly readings. This is a class about the art of computer programming, and we will treat “art” and “programming” equally.

Here’s a few things to keep in mind...

This is a class where we present both code and product, and during presentations you will have to account for the code that produced your visual. Hopefully this will teach you a ton about programming, make you write clean code, and keep the “copy / paste / tweak” mentality away.

You will not need to have your laptops open in this class, as I will post slides and example code on the class webpage after every class. If you do wish to take notes on your laptop, please let me know beforehand.

Finally, here’s the link to the class website: http://www.runemadsen.com/printing-code. On the website you will find the syllabus, along with lecture notes for the classes. As this is still a very young class, I'll be making big changes to the notes as we go.

As you can see I would like you to read 3 (very) short texts before the first class:

Form + Content by Paul Rand
{% asset_path printing-code/readings/rand_form_content.pdf %}

Software Structures by Casey Reas
http://artport.whitney.org/commissions/softwarestructures/text.htm
 
Computers, Pencils, and Brushes by Paul Rand
{% asset_path printing-code/readings/rand_computers.pdf %}

Please read them, and spend a minute thinking about why I assigned these texts.

See you soon.

- Rune